A Good Boy.
A Long Life.
Barking Dog.
In my younger and more vulnerable years my father gave me some advice that I've been turning over in my mind ever since.
Would you like them here or there? I would not like them here or there.
Congratulations! Today is your day. You're off to Great Places! You're off and away!
Harry Potter was a highly unusual boy in many ways. For one thing, he hated the summer holidays more than any other time of year.
There are more things in Heaven and Earth, Horatio, than are dreamt of in your philosophy.
A large class of computational problems involve the determination of properties of graphs, digraphs, integers, arrays of integers, finite families of finite sets, boolean formulas and elements of other countable domains.
If you want to learn English more quickly, lots of reading is important. The more you read, the more input your brain gets about how the language works.
First, I wake up. Then, I get dressed. I walk to school. I do not ride a bike. I do not ride the bus. I like to go to school. It rains. I do not like rain. I eat lunch. I eat a sandwich and an apple.
I play outside. I like to play. I read a book. I like to read books. I walk home. I do not like walking home. My mother cooks soup for dinner. The soup is hot. Then, I go to bed. I do not like to go bed.
While eating at a restaurant is an enjoyable and convenient occasional treat, most individuals and families prepare their meals at home.
Halloween (also referred to as All Hollows' Eve) is a holiday that's celebrated in America on 31 October of each year, regardless of what day of the week this date falls on.
Only some adults celebrate Halloween, and they generally do so by attending parties.
Stephanie recently took a weekend trip to Los Angeles, California. Los Angeles is a coastal city situated along the Pacific Ocean. Many celebrities earned their claim to fame here.
These are just some of the things Stephanie experienced during her visit to Los Angeles. She loved her trip, and she hopes to return someday soon.
Valentine's Day (or Saint Valentine's Day) is a holiday that, in the United States, takes place on February 14, and technically signifies the accomplishments of St. Valentine, a third-century Roman saint.
Variations of Valentine's Day are celebrated across the globe throughout the year. In America, the holiday, although acknowledged by the vast majority of the population, isn't federally recognized; no time off work is granted for Valentine's Day.
The neck is the long body part that connects the head to the chest, and the stomach, or the part of the body that contains food and liquid-processing organs, comes below that.
Jean and her family recently traveled to Boston, Massachusetts, one of America’s oldest colonial cities. Boston is rich in history and local personality. During their visit, Jean and her family appreciated learning about Boston’s role during the American Revolution.
Because of their walk along the historical Freedom Trail, Jean and her family left Boston with a thorough understanding of early American history.
Did you know that some people don't do their reading assignments? It's shocking, but it's true. Some students don't even read short texts that they are assigned in class. There are many reasons for this. They may be distracted or bored.
You can benefit from reading in the near-term too. Reading provides knowledge. Knowledge is power. Therefore, reading can make you a more powerful person. You can learn to do new things by reading.
